add ros2 service info -v to "Understanding services" (#6038) (#6044)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Beginner-CLI-Tools/Understanding-ROS2-Services/Understanding-ROS2-Services.rst

   Clients count: 0
   Services count: 1

4.1 ros2 service info --verbose  

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.1 ros2 service info --verbose
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> For more detailed information about a service, you can append the ``--verbose`` (or ``-v``) option to the ``info`` command:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed information about a service, you can append the ``--verbose`` (or ``-v``) option to the ``info`` command:
```

.. code-block:: console

    Type: std_srvs/srv/Empty
    Clients count: 0
    Services count: 1
    Node name: turtlesim
    Node namespace: /
    Service type: std_srvs/srv/Empty
    Service type hash: RIHS01_5888399dedec5ccc85ea6451949fd2c9f97bfdf963f9a588821639fcd31b5d19
    Endpoint type: SERVER
    Endpoint count: 2
    GIDs:
    - Request Reader : 01.0f.93.f0.07.92.53.47.00.00.00.00.00.00.13.04
    - Response Writer : 01.0f.93.f0.07.92.53.47.00.00.00.00.00.00.14.03
    QoS profiles:
    - Request Reader :
          Reliability: RELIABLE
          History (Depth): KEEP_LAST (10)
          Durability: VOLATILE
          Lifespan: Infinite
          Deadline: Infinite
          Liveliness: AUTOMATIC
          Liveliness lease duration: Infinite
    - Response Writer :
          Reliability: RELIABLE
          History (Depth): KEEP_LAST (10)
          Durability: VOLATILE
          Lifespan: Infinite
          Deadline: Infinite
          Liveliness: AUTOMATIC
          Liveliness lease duration: Infinite

> Where as for non-DDS based RMW implementations like ``rmw_zenoh_cpp``, the ``Endpoint count`` will be 1 because it uses a single endpoint for both request and response.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where as for non-DDS based RMW implementations like ``rmw_zenoh_cpp``, the ``Endpoint count`` will be 1 because it uses a single endpoint for both request and response.
```

   Clients count: 0
   Services count: 1

> 4.1 ros2 service info --verbose

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4.1 ros2 service info --verbose
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> 

Reviewer 2: can you remove extra line here.

> For more detailed information about a service, you can append the ``--verbose`` option to the ``info`` command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more detailed information about a service, you can append the ``--verbose`` (or ``-v``) option to the ``info`` command:
```

.. code-block:: console

  $ ros2 service info --verbose <service_name>

> for example: you can get verbose information about the ``/clear`` service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: you can get verbose information about the ``/clear`` service:
```

.. code-block:: console

    Type: std_srvs/srv/Empty
    Clients count: 0
    Services count: 1
    Node name: turtlesim
    Node namespace: /
    Service type: std_srvs/srv/Empty
    Service type hash: RIHS01_5888399dedec5ccc85ea6451949fd2c9f97bfdf963f9a588821639fcd31b5d19
    Endpoint type: SERVER
    Endpoint count: 2
    GIDs:
    - Request Reader : 01.0f.93.f0.07.92.53.47.00.00.00.00.00.00.13.04
    - Response Writer : 01.0f.93.f0.07.92.53.47.00.00.00.00.00.00.14.03
    QoS profiles:
    - Request Reader :
          Reliability: RELIABLE
          History (Depth): KEEP_LAST (10)
          Durability: VOLATILE
          Lifespan: Infinite
          Deadline: Infinite
          Liveliness: AUTOMATIC
          Liveliness lease duration: Infinite
    - Response Writer :
          Reliability: RELIABLE
          History (Depth): KEEP_LAST (10)
          Durability: VOLATILE
          Lifespan: Infinite
          Deadline: Infinite
          Liveliness: AUTOMATIC
          Liveliness lease duration: Infinite

> 

Reviewer 2: can you remove extra lines here?

> Where as for non-DDS based RMW implementations like zenoh, the Endpoint count will be 1 because they use a single endpoint for both request and response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where as for non-DDS based RMW implementations like ``rmw_zenoh_cpp``, the ``Endpoint count`` will be 1 because it uses a single endpoint for both request and response.
```

> Where as for non-DDS based RMW implementations like zenoh, the Endpoint count will be 1 because they use a single endpoint for both request and response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Liveliness lease duration: Infinite

Where as for non-DDS based RMW implementations like zenoh, the Endpoint count will be 1 because they use a single endpoint for both request and response.
```

> Where as for non-DDS based RMW implementations like zenoh, the Endpoint count will be 1 because they use a single endpoint for both request and response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Liveliness lease duration: Infinite

Where as for non-DDS based RMW implementations like zenoh, the Endpoint count will be 1 because they use a single endpoint for both request and response.
```

.. code-block:: console

    Type: std_srvs/srv/Empty
    Clients count: 0
    Services count: 1
    Node name: turtlesim
    Node namespace: /
    Service type: std_srvs/srv/Empty
    Service type hash: RIHS01_5888399dedec5ccc85ea6451949fd2c9f97bfdf963f9a588821639fcd31b5d19
    Endpoint type: SERVER
    Endpoint count: 1
    GID: 59.b0.ea.78.57.3c.52.b4.c6.e9.af.44.22.3d.7c.f5
    QoS profile:
      Reliability: RELIABLE
      History (Depth): KEEP_LAST (10)
      Durability: VOLATILE
      Lifespan: Infinite
      Deadline: Infinite
      Liveliness: AUTOMATIC
      Liveliness lease duration: Infinite

> 

Reviewer 2: please remove extra line here.

If you want to learn more about different RMW implementations, refer to the :doc:`About Different Middleware Vendors <../../../Concepts/Intermediate/About-Different-Middleware-Vendors>` concept.

> 

Reviewer 2: please remove extra line here.

> 
> If you want to learn more about different RMW implementations, refer to the :doc:`About Different Middleware Vendors <../../../Concepts/Intermediate/About-Different-Middleware-Vendors>` concept.
> 
> 
> 5 ros2 service find
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Liveliness lease duration: Infinite

If you want to learn more about different RMW implementations, refer to the :doc:`About Different Middleware Vendors <../../../Concepts/Intermediate/About-Different-Middleware-Vendors>` concept.

5 ros2 service find
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```
